hey guys it's Jackie I know it's been
forever in a day since I've done one of
these unboxing haul videos but I thought
I'd shoot a quick one tonight for you
guys just because I got something in the
mail that I've been waiting for for
quite some time
I'll give you a hand can you tell from
the packaging dented Anna is my Erin
Condren life planner I haven't seen a
ton of unboxing videos for these
planners I've seen a bunch of kind of
just like the look throughs which are
great and all but I thought that it
would be cool to kind of see packaging
wise how it shipped because I know that
some people have experienced problems
with the Erin Condren like layers of
things just being scratched or not what
they ordered so I thought it would be
cool to kind of do this with you guys
and see how everything turned out
one thing to note which was great was
that this only took about one and a half
weeks to ship to me I thought it was a
lot longer I guess I was just really
excited to receive the package so it
looks like we have our receipt and kind
of the shipping information this is the
typical gifting sticker that you can use
and then a little postcard that says
being kind never goes out of style
here's another sticker that says enjoy
and you're ready planner I'm going to
quickly go over all the items that I
purchased in the box
and then in detail go over the life
planner itself so the life planner I
purchased is the 18 month neutral
horizontal layout and I also got the
rose gold coil as well as this cover I
think is called watercolor splash one
thing to note when you do personalize
your planners is that my name I put it
all in lowercase
so with this font it looks a little
different when you capitalize the
beginning of your name so just keep that
in mind when you're
bring it and then we have this journal
that she gave away this year with any
purchase then we have the fanny pack
plan e pack thing I don't know I went
with the pink color just because in case
you can't tell I love pink it's kind of
a pleather material you have the classic
erin condren
asterisk and rose gold and then it's got
yellow gold detailing and inside is a
cloth material with the erin condren
logo then I got the wellness meal
planning a dashboard I thought it would
be perfect just to hold me accountable
as to what I'm eating throughout the
week and to go along with that I got the
wet erase marker I don't know where you
can find what erase markers I only have
heard of dry erase markers so I thought
that this was good to have on hand that
way it doesn't erase kind of when you
smudge it you have to get it wet first
I got the metallic mini bookmark just to
help divide different areas that I want
to reference you get gold embellished
stickers so you get a whole sheet for
free which is really nice but I also won
ahead and purchased two of the sticker
books so I did the rose gold ones it
says turn your dreams into plans I also
did the monthly one always a reason and
season to celebrate and the last thing I
purchased were these lined sticky notes
I thought they would be perfect for
to-do lists or grocery lists and things
like that one thing to note that I did
know is missing from my package which
I'm kind of bummed about is that plastic
kind of zippy full envelope or folder
that you can just put pens in or more
stickers but in terms of the other items
that I purchased they were all there
which is good the cover looks amazing it
looks brand new and it's sturdy also
durable no scratches on it whatsoever
my name is printed correctly this is the
ruler with alpha SIL
looks pretty good there's like a couple
of scratches I don't know if it catches
on camera just on the back right there I
don't know if you can see them but
they're super minimal again I purchased
the rose gold coil and I'm noticing that
there are some stains I don't know if
it's staining or discoloration but if
you can look at the middle of the screen
there's kind of this black mark running
through my coil and it does go on
throughout the entire coil I don't know
if something spilled on it or it's just
discolored but I'm going to live with it
because it's in the back of the planter
okay so we've checked out the hardware
and the cover and the ruler now let's
get to the inside I chose the neutral
layout in the horizontal version so my
vellum of the painted petals is
completely in black which I actually
really like again I like simple layouts
here is the watercolor mark dashboard
here's the title page horizontal layout
correct these pages feel so good on my
fingers it's a very thick it's almost
like construction paper I like it
because it just makes the planner feel
all the more luxurious you know you're
spending over 65 bucks on a planner here
are all of your months for quick
reference
there you go here again you have some
note boxes some more notes and then this
is the month at a glance and the week at
a glance so again I chose the neutral
horizontal layout so as you can see on
this side we have lines and then they
have a little blank square that you can
fill in you can kind of see my fingers
through the light but I hope it doesn't
bleed I thought I would show you guys
the neutral layout just because I don't
think a lot of people grabbed it this
year or the horizontal I thought the
hourly wouldn't work with me because
majority of my time from 7 to 7 is spent
at work so I wouldn't really fill it out
and then with the boxes I didn't really
know how to utilize them as best as I
could and that's why I stopped I'm just
flipping through all of the month so you
guys can kind of see what it looks like
June May April July December November
October and then you come to this note
section where there's just lines paper
I can't get over the quality of this
paper it's just so beautiful on some
grass note to kind of doodle or bullet
journal and then some coloring pages I
think that this is new
for this year's layout you have little
bullet points to kind of jot down any
important dates that you have for the
upcoming year and then you have a bunch
of sticker sheets so you have some
spoiled ones kind of generic happy
birthday celebrate to do reminder as
well as little symbols for those and
blank ones and then some more blank ones
and then I put the free sticker sheet in
this little folder and here's the
perpetual calendar also through these
sticker books really quickly with you
guys just you can kind of see what's
inside without silver gold gold silver
gold oh my gosh these stickers are
absolutely beautiful the quality on
these I love that it's a matte
background with the foil if you're going
to invest in any kind of add-on
accessories with Erin Condren this year
I would highly recommend the sticker
books and then this one is the one with
the holidays I really liked this one
because it had kind of a picked out
layout for you so this is kind of like a
Christmas themed this is like
Thanksgiving just fall in general but
again these are absolutely beautiful
okay guys so that was everything in my
not so quick but meant to be quick
unboxing haul of my 2017-2018 erin
condren
life planner oh and all i would say that
i'm very pleased with everything that i
got i think that it was good quality
really beautiful I'm excited to use it
for the upcoming year I'm a little bit
bummed about my coil and the fact that I
didn't get that plastic little envelope
thing I think inside comes compliment
cards more stickers and maybe a coupon
but I think that I'll just contact the
people over at Erin Condren and see what
can happen I know that their customer
service is great so I'm not too bummed
about it but I love everything that I
got and I can't wait to get organized
for the upcoming year until next time
guys
[Music]